OSDOCS#6017 cert-manager : Configuring an ACME issuer (#59702)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws.adoc

Author: @swghosh Is there any specific role or permission that the user needs to have in order to create Issuers, Certificates, and Secrets in the desired namespace

Reviewer: Not really, we don’t have such a thing yet, no roles as such from k8s/ocp side which just contains Issuers, Certificates and Secrets only that I k of.

Reviewer 2: For this file, also suggest formatting the user-replaceable values with `<brackets_and_underscores>`

// * security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-issuer-acme.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws_{context}"]

> = Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials on AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials for AWS Route53
```

// * security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-issuer-acme.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws_{context}"]
= Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials for AWS Route53

You can use {cert-manager-operator} to set up an Automated Certificate Management Environment (ACME) issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials on AWS. This procedure uses _Let's Encrypt_ as the ACME certificate authority (CA) server and shows how to solve DNS-01 challenges with Amazon Route 53.

.Prerequisites

> * you must provide the explicit `accessKeyID` and `secretAccessKey` credentials. For more information, see link:https://cert-manager.io/docs/configuration/acme/dns01/route53/[Route53] in the upstream cert-manager documentation.

Reviewer 3: you -> You

// * security/cert_manager_operator/cert-manager-operator-issuer-acme.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="cert-manager-acme-dns01-explicit-aws_{context}"]
= Configuring an ACME issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials for AWS Route53

You can use {cert-manager-operator} to set up an Automated Certificate Management Environment (ACME) issuer to solve DNS-01 challenges by using explicit credentials on AWS. This procedure uses _Let's Encrypt_ as the ACME certificate authority (CA) server and shows how to solve DNS-01 challenges with Amazon Route 53.

.Prerequisites

> * You have access to a role that has permissions to create issuers, certificates, and secrets in the desired namespace.

Reviewer 3: There are four occurrences of `You have access to a role that has permissions to create issuers ...`. This is not needed. This is by default for users. All four occurrences can be removed.

Reviewer: +1 to cleaning things up from duplication, but please take care of the pre-requisites in a feasible manner so users are aware what is the least permissions needed for carrying out the steps on a cluster.
